DELUXE ROOM

Room Size: 32 SQM View: City

With a rus tic charm and natural hues , the Deluxe
Rooms a t the Di v a lux Resort & Spa prov ides the
perfect contrast to Bangkok’s bustling charm. Enjoy
your favourite book at the window seats, or rejuvenate
after a long day in the walk-in shower – the Deluxe
Room is the perfect setting to switch off.






GRAND DELUXE ROOM

Room Size: 32 SQM View: City

Indulge in elegance and relaxation, as you enjoy an
unmatched view of the renowned canals of Bangkok in
the Grand Deluxe Rooms at the Divalux Resort & Spa. Enjoy some quality rest time as you soak up on the
beautiful views of the city.







PREMIER CORNER ROOM

Room Size: 37 SQM View: Pool

Luxury goes a step higher in the Premier Corner Rooms
at the Divalux Resort & Spa. Unwind and rejuvenate
with a relaxing bath in the bathtub, while catching up
on your favourite book, or anything that helps you
zone out – peace has never been this accessible. The
ultimate vacation experience, our Premier Corner
includes a plush king size bed, grand bathrooms, flat- screen TV, complimentary Wi-Fi, sofa, and a private
terrace with pool views.








PREMIER SUITE ROOM

Room Size: 68 SQM View: Garden

Witness the manifestation of luxury and exclusivity with
the Premier Suites – there are only four! Experience topfloor views in these spacious apartment-like suites, which
boast walk-in wardrobes, powder rooms, and luxurious
bathtubs, all for creating that perfect home away from
home. The epitome of opulence await s! Thi s beautiful
abode is perfect for intimate gatherings and longer stays. Unwind in a relaxing paradise featuring chic decor, King
size bed with pillow-top mattresses, a flat-screen TV, a mini
bar, in-room safe, complimentary Wi-Fi, work space, sofa,
and a cozy balcony.






DIVALUX JACUZZI SUITES

Room Size: 68 SQM View: Garden

The Divalux Jacuzzi Suite is an enchanting sanctury in
the heart of the bustling city. Experience brilliance with
modern furnishings,aspacious layout,and an
expansive view over the entire city from the top floor
serve to create an ectraordinary experience.
The highlight of the Divalux Suite is the magnificent
outdoor Jacuzzi tub, where you can soak up the sun,
enjoy music, and de-stress in the lap of nature. This
luxurious heaven is ideal for intimate gatherings and
long stay.





RUEAN KARAKED

Room Size: 300 SQM View: garden

The Karaked Cafe is surrounded by numerous
photogenic spots featuring nature and flower gardens. Take a stroll to the pier and go on a romantic kayaking
trip, taking in the breath-taking views of nature

